Word document rules.md, before:

# Some Rules For Microsoft Word Documents

## Font size and Color
1. Text font
   1. Recommend to use sans serif fonts, example: Arial, Calibri, and Verdana...
   1. Make the heading larger and bold
1. Font size
   1. Font size for heading is 20, Roman numerals is 16, another part is 14
   1. Minimum font size is 14 
1. Font Color
   1. Prefer to using black color
   1. To emphasize using **bolded** and *italic* text or red color

## Page size and Margins
1. Prefer to using A4 Pages
1. Use 1" margin on all sides of the page, if the document is going to be bound in a binder, you may want to increase the side margins to 1.5" to accommodate the rings.

## Paragraphs
1. Prefer to align paragraphs to the left
1. Following the default line spacing in word is 1.15 - 1.5. Or trying out different line spacing and paragraphs spacing to make sure your document is easy to read. Distance between lines or paragraphs should be the same
1. Place images between paragraphs and keep them center aligned.
1. Break Up Text With Headings and List
   1. Headings: Create headings using Word's style labeled Heading, Sub-headings, etc. So reader will be able to hear which blocks of text are headings and what level each heading occupies in the hierarchy of the page.
   1. Lists: Using numebered lists or bulleted lists when counting a set of items
   1. The first letter of the upper line must align with the first letter of the lower line.

Commit message:

Update Word document rules.md

Word document rules.md, after:

# Some Rules For Microsoft Word Documents

## Font size and Color
1. Text font
   1. Use sans serif fonts, example: Arial, Calibri, and Verdana...
   1. Make the heading larger and bold
1. Font size
   1. Font size for heading is 20, Roman numerals is 16, another part is 14
   1. Minimum font size is 14 
1. Font Color
   1. Use black color
   1. To emphasize using **bolded** and *italic* text or Standard red color 

## Page size and Margins
1. Prefer to using A4 Pages
1. Use 1" margin on all sides of the page, if the document is going to be bound in a binder, you may want to increase the side margins to 1.5" to accommodate the rings.

## Paragraphs

### Pragraph Alignment:
1. Align paragraphs to the left.
1. Place images between paragraphs and keep them center aligned.

### Line and Paragraph Spacing
1. Distance between lines or paragraphs should be the same. Change the lines or paragraphs spacing of the document
   1. Select one or more paragraphs to update. Press Ctrl+ A to select all.
   1. Go to **Home** > **Line and Paragraph Spacing**
   1. Select **Line Spacing Options** and in the **Line spacing** box choose **Exactly**, in the **At** box choose **20**
   1. Select **OK**
1. The first letter of the upper line must align with the first letter of the lower line.
1. Break Up Text With Headings and List
   1. Headings: Create headings using Word's style labeled Heading, Sub-headings, etc. So reader will be able to hear which blocks of text are headings and what level each heading occupies in the hierarchy of the page.
   1. Lists: Using numebered lists or bulleted lists when counting a set of items, that are in a required order: Captial Roman letters **→** Capital alphabet letters **→** lowercase Roman letters **→** lowercase alphabet letters **→** numbered.
